their homes have been
destroyed five of their team members
have been killed but these young
survivors of war in Rafa are undaunted
their love for their sport defies
Israel's
bombs we've been practicing this sport
for many years we train in public places
on even ground and on Sand Junes when
the war broke out we began to train on
top of the ruins of bombarded
neighborhoods it's a message to the
world that our resolve to live is
stronger than ever and also to show the
world the extent of the destruction
caused by Israeli
bombs the sport of Parkour revolves
around people using agility to turn
obstacles into assets by jumping
climbing or
running it's become popular in Gaza over
the last few decades acquiring a special
symbolism as young athletes like these
turn sights of Destruction into
obstacles courses for their
sport the spiders team was founded in
2011 due to the Israeli Siege on Gaza
its members never had a chance to play
abroad relying mostly on tutorials from
YouTube they've developed skills they
say meet International
standards it's a way to tell the world
that nothing can stop us or Force us to
give up on our dream our Sport and our
identity it also helps us to release the
negative energy and also as a
distraction from the bad things that are
happening around us they hope that one
day they will be able to travel and
represent Palestine in international
competitions and they believe their
dream is inseparable from the one of
freedom from occupation for Palestine
itself Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer